---
Date:   2022-06-13
Topic:  Club Meeting
Content: Summary
---
On Sunday our Club represented Staffordshire STEM at the Cosford Air Show.

We were in hangar 15 and  had a fair bit of interest in what a code club is and where people could find their nearest one, and at least three people were from Lichfield and so may join us.

The favourite activity was either the robot spider or the mechanical arm. The spider was most popular with the younger children, whilst the mechanical arm was enjoyed by a wide range of age groups and parents :-)

Our slide presentations were running most of the time and many people stood and watched for a while. They sparked a few questions and gave people something to watch whilst waiting for children or friends to finish with the spider or mechanical arm.

We were unable to get the 3D printer running due to it not being able to read the SD card. Pawel and I tried to get OctoPrint running but the internet connection was far to poor for us to download the software that was needed.

The show itself was well attended with around 50,000 guests. It was very busy in the hangar most of the time but cleared quite quickly whilst there was an aerial display in progress.

We were able to look at other exhibits and get some ideas for next time. The main point was that visitors are most receptive when they have something practical to do, and these things need to not need internet connectivity.

Many thanks to Annia and her son Pawel for getting up at 5am and helping throughout the day. It was a great day, but also a long one too..

Curborough Community Centre
WS13 7NY
Code Club
Wednesdays 5:30 - 6:30pm
7 - 15 year olds welcome

Club Links:
[Code Club Website](https://lichfield-code-club.github.io/)

[Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/LichfieldCoders)

[Discord club messages](https://discord.gg/szz6xGK)
